Scrum 2
Date: Saturday, 4/6/19
Time: 8:30pm
Location: JFF 301
Participants: Harrison Weinerman, Samuel Rosas-Meza, Jonathan Chai, Peter Yang, Justin Lam

Stand Up
Harrison Weinerman
I worked with Sam on the updated data persistence cucumber tests. It works locally but fails on remote.
We need to figure out why it is failing on CI but not locally and fix this so it passes and we can merge--it is unclear at this point from the error log.
I will work with Sam on continuing to resolve the cucumber test so it passes on CI. I will also work on changes to improve radius reliability and associated tests, too.

Samuel Rosas-Meza
Worked with Harrison on Cucumber tests of data persistences, committed but fails on CI. Also worked with Justin to clean database for JUnit ListManagement tests.
Passing CI is a challenge, especially with free credits being used quickly.
I will work again with Harrison to pass cucumber test cases in CI and on changes to radius handling.

Jonathan Chai
I pair programmed with Peter to set up the Travis build.
We have a limited number of Google Credit which is about to run out which could incur unforseen costs.
I will work with Peter to finish modifying the UI based on feedback received and implement the “Recent Searches” requirement.

Peter Yang
I worked with Jonathan to set up the Travis build. It was rather difficult since we have a multi step set up including building JavaScript files and requiring non-headless mode for the chrome driver.
It took a while to figure out Travis but we figured it out in the end; however, each test case consumes a large amount of Google Credits of which we have a limited about so we will look to minimize the usage so Jonathan’s credit card does not get charged.
Before the next stand up I plan to address the items assigned to me from the retrospective as well as beginning work on the User account system if time permits.

Justin Lam
I wrote functions to clean up the database before every ListManagement JUnit test and updated the sql script for new tables in the database.
We have a limited number of Google Credit which is about to run out which could incur unforseen costs.
I will write functions/tests for search results being saved in the database.
