{"image": "//ukcdn.ar-cdn.com/recipes/port512/3215363c-afff-4fec-af76-bb9b55b44d78.jpg", "ingredients": ["520g chocolate sponge cake mix", "520g sponge cake mix", "200g instant vanilla dessert mix, such as Angel Delight", "350g custard cream biscuits", "3 drops green food colouring", "350g Tootsie Rolls or dairy toffee sweets"], "steps": ["Prepare cake mixes and bake according to package directions (any sized tin).", "Prepare vanilla dessert according to package directions and chill until ready to assemble.", "Crumble custard creams in small batches in a food processor, scraping often. Set aside all but 4 tablespoons. To the 4 tablespoons add a few drops of green food colouring and mix.", "When cakes are cooled to room temperature, crumble them into a large bowl. Toss with 1/2 of the remaining biscuit crumbs and the chilled vanilla dessert. You probably won't need all of the dessert, you want the cake to be just moist, not soggy.", "Line kitty litter box with the kitty litter liner. Put cake mixture into box.", "Put half of the unwrapped tootsie rolls in a microwave safe dish and heat until softened. Shape the ends so that they are no longer blunt and curve the tootsie rolls slightly. Bury tootsie rolls randomly in the cake and sprinkle with half of the remaining biscuit crumbs. Sprinkle a small amount of the green coloured biscuit crumbs lightly over the top.", "Heat 3 or 4 of the tootsie rolls in the microwave until almost melted. Scrape them on top of the cake and sprinkle lightly with some of the green biscuit crumbs. Heat the remaining tootsie rolls until pliable and shape as before. Spread all but one randomly over top of cake mixture. Sprinkle with any remaining biscuit crumbs. Hang the remaining tootsie roll over side of litter box and sprinkle with a few green biscuit crumbs. Serve with the pooper scooper for a gross Halloween dessert."], "name": "Litter box cake", "prep_time": "45 min", "cook_time": "30 min", "rating": 4.5, "recipe_url": "http://allrecipes.co.uk/recipe/14417/litter-box-cake.aspx"}